right seamer I'm ready
we can get going okay I'll catch up with
you and take up the chase sure thing
let's hope this plan is going to work
ah the whiner my plans always work
we need to make sure that we don't raise
any suspicions so give it all you've got
to stay with me ah you're going to have
to really step on it this time I'm not
going to make it easy for you at the end
of the day I've got my reputation to
protect what are you a snail go on put
your foot down
well seamer you take this job really
seriously
just keep going like that I'll tell you
when it's enough oh I could do this all
day he is having a good day for once and
I have to be there
our 36 - car 12 we can see the speed
fiend you want us to get pursued backup
not necessary this one's mine
I'm thinking that the lead is big enough
now for you to give up I think we put on
a good show right then I'll get the card
of the way before I'll guys pick up the
trail yes I'm on it